// Type the question in a line and use all the following lines for the answer.
// After typing the answer, leave an empty line to type a new question.
// ------------------------------
// Beginning:
//
What is a virtual hackathon?
A virtual hackathon is be an online event where high schoolers can attend, program and have fun. It will still have lots of the good stuff a physical hackathon has such as prizes and workshops. This virtual hackathon is also planning on having cool activities planned where people can win more 
prizes.
 
// What makes Hack the Cloud different from other virtual hackathons?
// Alright then, keep your secrets
 
What if I don’t know how to code? Can I still attend?
We love beginners at Hack the Cloud! We’ll have a plethora of workshops hosted by coders at several tech companies and startups in the Bay Area where you can learn skills people actually use in the industry. Have an idea but don’t know where to start? Our experienced staff and mentors will help guide you! DM us in the Slack (to be released soon) or just talk to us in person! 

What if I don’t want to submit my hack?
That’s totally fine! You are not obligated to submit anything to attend, this is just an event for you to learn and connect with other high school coders. For example, if you wanted to code something in a group with 5 other people (above the group limit according to the rules), there’s nothing stopping you, you just can’t submit your hack to be judged.
 
What if I don’t have an idea?
We’ll have plenty of resources for you to be inspired, don’t worry if you can’t think of an idea to code when you arrive! Feel free to attend workshops and browse around other tables to see what people are making before you begin. We’ll also be releasing a Hack the Cloud Slack soon, where you can chat with other people to potentially form groups or share resources and ideas.
 
What are the age limits for Hack the Cloud?
Hack the Cloud is only available to high schoolers - sorry, college kids! If you are a middle schooler and want to attend, please email us at contact@hackthefog.com - we will accept you on a case-by-case basis.
 
How do I sign up?
Click the “Sign up” button on our home page to fill out our sign-up form! You will receive an email once you’ve been accepted, and you’ll get important announcements such as reminders, access to our Slack, and other stuff.
 
I don’t know any other hackers/coders...
Hack the Cloud is a great chance to meet people like you who want to get into tech! Other than our Slack (which is coming soon), where you can chat with people who will be attending the event, we’ll have a team-forming event after our opening ceremony where you can find a group.
 
What are the rules if I want to submit a project?
Hacks must be made by groups of up to four people, no more. Other than pre-made external libraries and tools, the code can only be made during the event. We will have a Devpost page up soon where teams must submit their hacks before the end of the second day of the hackathon.
Other than the above rules, you’re free to do whatever you want as long as you use common sense - don’t make things that would potentially hurt people in any way. Hack for good!
 
// Is there wifi, laptops, chargers, etc?
// WiFi will be provided. We don’t know yet if we’ll be able to provide laptops/computers, but we’ll let you know if you sign up with your email!

I have a different question!
Don't be shy, shoot us an email at contact@hackthefog.com!
